The most convenient way of creating migrations is to create them together with the models, models can
be generated using their partisan make model commands.
Adding debt and flag would also generate a migration file alongside.
So let's make a blog post model.
So you do that by adding the model name just after their command models are classes by default, they
leave since Lavallade in the App Models directory.
We'll get back to models later.
Now let's open the cocreator migration file.
At first glance, we can see the migration boiler plate has prefilled up and down Method's buglers names
should be in Studley case, also known as the Pascall case.
Every word starts with uppercase.
The output generated table names are in that snake case instead, meaning boards are lower case separated
by underscores.
Notice how create and drop even exists, schema, class, static methods are used to create and delete
the table if it exists already, respectively.
Every table needs to have the primary key.
And the Blueprint I.D. method adds one by default, the big integer type is used for that in my school
and it is an auto generated.
The timestamps method will add to fields called Created Out and updated at this by convention will be
updated when using eloquent models on the model creation and then every time the model is actually updated.
Let's try to add some fields on our own.
We might need a string type column called title.
And text type column called Content.
Notice how the method name defines the type of the column and the first parameter is the actual name
of the column blueprint methods names obstruct the actual database types as this vary between database
engines.
Well, it also means migration's should be database agnostic.
Finally, let's see how to apply and roll back migration's.
But first, let's see the current state of the database.
You should have this four tables.
Now, let's run bipartisan migrate to apply the migration and see if the table was created.
Everything seems to.
Go find now let's refresh the view and there it is, our new blog posts, stable.
Now, the artisan, my great roll back.
Should be able to back off this change by deleting the table, let's run it and check out what happens.
So it seems that it went fine.
Now let's see.
There is no blog posts table.
Well, it seems it was actually deleted, so this is how you can back off from any changes you make
to the database schema.
Now, we actually want this table to be created, so let's round up artisan migrate again, it was just
a demonstration of how to migrate and how to roll back.
Finally, you might be happy to know that in the immigration section of Laravel documentation, there
is this available column Times section which lists all the methods available on the blueprint class,
and it lists the method names how they should be used and also what's the equivalent type that would
be created on the database.
So that's very useful.
Be sure to check it out.